Agreeable Pink Pigeon

medium

# Incorrect Handling of Token Decimals in getPrice Function
## Summary
The `getPrice` function in the `CurveStableOracle` contract contains a vulnerability that could lead to incorrect USD value calculations for Curve LP tokens due to the assumption of fixed 18 decimal places for both `minPrice` and `virtualPrice`. This could result in inaccurate pricing calculations for tokens with varying decimal precisions.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `getPrice` function aims to calculate the USD value of a Curve LP token. However, it assumes that both `minPrice` and `virtualPrice` have 18 decimal places, which is not always the case for ERC-20 tokens. The calculation (`minPrice * virtualPrice) / 1e18` can produce incorrect results when the underlying tokens have decimals other than 18.
```solidity
return (minPrice * virtualPrice) / 1e18;

```
The vulnerability lies in the fact that different ERC-20 tokens can have varying decimal precisions. This means that the calculation does not accurately account for the actual decimal places of the tokens involved. Tokens with fewer decimals than 18 would lead to an overestimation of their value, while tokens with more decimals would lead to an underestimation.
## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is that the calculated USD value for Curve LP tokens can be significantly inaccurate. Tokens with decimals different from 18 will lead to erroneous pricing calculations, which could potentially result in incorrect financial decisions and transactions based on the provided price information.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/oracle/CurveStableOracle.sol#L58-L74
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Adjust the calculation based on the decimal precisions of the tokens involved.