Agreeable Pink Pigeon

medium

# Risk of Imprecise Price Calculations in CurveVolatileOracle Contract's `getPrice` function
## Summary
The `getPrice` function in the `CurveVolatileOracle` contract performs various fixed-point arithmetic operations to calculate the price of a Curve LP token. Due to the nature of fixed-point arithmetic, there's a risk of precision loss during these calculations.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `getPrice` function's primary purpose is to calculate the USD value of a given Curve LP token by combining token prices, applying a specific formula, and enforcing bounds. Here's a detailed breakdown of the code snippet and its potential impact:
```solidity
uint256 px0 = base.getPrice(tokens[0]);
uint256 px1 = base.getPrice(tokens[1]);

uint256 product = (px0 * Constants.PRICE_PRECISION) / Constants.CHAINLINK_PRICE_FEED_PRECISION;
product = product.mulDown((px1 * Constants.PRICE_PRECISION) / Constants.CHAINLINK_PRICE_FEED_PRECISION);

if (nTokens == 3) {
    uint256 px2 = base.getPrice(tokens[2]);
    product = product.mulDown(
        (uint256(px2) * Constants.PRICE_PRECISION) / Constants.CHAINLINK_PRICE_FEED_PRECISION
    );
}

virtualPrice = _checkAndUpperBoundValue(crvLp, virtualPrice);

uint256 answer = product.powDown(Constants.PRICE_PRECISION / nTokens).mulDown(
    nTokens * virtualPrice
);

return (answer * Constants.CHAINLINK_PRICE_FEED_PRECISION) / Constants.PRICE_PRECISION;
```
The code performs multiplication, division, and exponentiation operations on fixed-point numbers. Each operation introduces the potential for rounding errors, leading to precision loss in the final result.
The conversion of `answer` back to the desired decimal precision (`CHAINLINK_PRICE_FEED_PRECISION` to `PRICE_PRECISION`) at the end may further contribute to precision loss.
## Impact
The precision loss in fixed-point arithmetic can result in inaccuracies in the calculated price feeds. Inaccurate price feeds can lead to incorrect financial decisions and potentially affect the functioning of systems that rely on accurate price data.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/oracle/CurveVolatileOracle.sol#L109-L126
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
`Use Libraries`: Utilize established fixed-point arithmetic libraries that are designed to handle decimal calculations with minimal precision loss. Libraries like OpenZeppelin's SafeMath can be helpful in maintaining precision during arithmetic operations.