Smooth Denim Anteater

high

# Flash Loan Attack Vulnerability in Deposit and Withdrawal Mechanisms
## Summary
This vulnerability report highlights a potential flash loan attack vulnerability present in the deposit and withdrawal mechanisms of a smart contract. The contract's logic allows for the manipulation of asset ratios through flash loans, potentially leading to an attacker profiting from discrepancies in underlying asset prices.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability lies in the interaction between the deposit and withdraw functions of the smart contract. These functions involve the depositing and withdrawing of underlying assets (uToken) in exchange for share tokens (bToken). The manipulation stems from the potential for flash loans to be exploited to artificially inflate the value of certain assets and gain an advantage during withdrawals.

## Impact
If exploited, this vulnerability could lead to an attacker borrowing a significant amount of assets through a flash loan, depositing them into the contract, and subsequently manipulating the internal ratios between uToken and bToken. This manipulation might allow the attacker to withdraw a larger amount of assets than they initially deposited, resulting in an unfair profit. Such an attack could disrupt the platform's ecosystem and lead to financial losses for users.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/vault/SoftVault.sol#L95

    function deposit(
        uint256 amount
    ) external override nonReentrant returns (uint256 shareAmount) {
        if (amount == 0) revert Errors.ZERO_AMOUNT();
        uint256 uBalanceBefore = uToken.balanceOf(address(this));
        uToken.safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), amount);
        uint256 uBalanceAfter = uToken.balanceOf(address(this));

        uint256 cBalanceBefore = bToken.balanceOf(address(this));
        _ensureApprove(address(uToken), address(bToken), amount);
        if (bToken.mint(uBalanceAfter - uBalanceBefore) != 0)
            revert Errors.LEND_FAILED(amount);
        uint256 cBalanceAfter = bToken.balanceOf(address(this));

        shareAmount = cBalanceAfter - cBalanceBefore;
        _mint(msg.sender, shareAmount);

        emit Deposited(msg.sender, amount, shareAmount);
    }
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/vault/SoftVault.sol#L120
    function withdraw(
        uint256 shareAmount
    ) external override nonReentrant returns (uint256 withdrawAmount) {
        if (shareAmount == 0) revert Errors.ZERO_AMOUNT();

        _burn(msg.sender, shareAmount);

        uint256 uBalanceBefore = uToken.balanceOf(address(this));
        if (bToken.redeem(shareAmount) != 0)
            revert Errors.REDEEM_FAILED(shareAmount);
        uint256 uBalanceAfter = uToken.balanceOf(address(this));

        withdrawAmount = uBalanceAfter - uBalanceBefore;
        _ensureApprove(
            address(uToken),
            address(config.feeManager()),
            withdrawAmount
        );
        withdrawAmount = config.feeManager().doCutVaultWithdrawFee(
            address(uToken),
            withdrawAmount
        );
        uToken.safeTransfer(msg.sender, withdrawAmount);

        emit Withdrawn(msg.sender, withdrawAmount, shareAmount);
    }

and same with the HardVault.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/vault/HardVault.sol#L133
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/vault/HardVault.sol#L154

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a pricing oracle that frequently updates asset prices, minimizing the opportunity for attackers to manipulate asset ratios.