Gorgeous Emerald Fish

high

# multiple token addresses could map to the same uint160 value, leading to collisions in the tokenIds
## Summary
_encodeTokenId and _decodeTokenId rely on casting the token address to and from a uint160. This could lead to collisions if multiple token addresses map to the same uint160
## Vulnerability Detail 
The _encodeTokenId function takes a token address and casts it to a uint160: [Link 1](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/vault/HardVault.sol#L95-L97). This truncates the address to 160 bits. Since Solidity addresses are 160 bits, this works fine for encoding.
However, the problem arises in _decodeTokenId: [Link 2](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/vault/HardVault.sol#L102-L104). Here, we are casting the uint tokenId back to a uint160 and then to an address. If two different token addresses happened to map to the same 160 bit integer, then this would return the same address for both!


_encodeTokenId and _decodeTokenId:
Casting the address to uint160 means that any addresses that have the same lower 160 bits will map to the same tokenId.
This could allow a malicious user to deposit one token but withdraw a different token that maps to the same id.
## Impact
This allows a malicious user to deposit one token but withdraw a different token that maps to the same tokenId.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/vault/HardVault.sol#L95-L97
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-07-blueberry/blob/main/blueberry-core/contracts/vault/HardVault.sol#L102-L104

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
 Use a more robust encoding scheme, like abi.encodePacked(), which incorporates the full address